let's get you girl fanatics on deck I
was employed room back again with
another little video for you guys I
don't know whether to talk about a card
discussion or a deck profile it took a
while to actually like do do this video
because I didn't die without what I
wanted to go on his channel so i just
thought about making a deck profile and
a battery man artifact otk deck i built
a while ago and actually a version of
this bill build like actually topped
last week at a national some type of
national that i could go so i thought
was a perfect time actually even talk
about Doug so let's hop right into it
you you got your battery man engine with
their artifacts to help you just all t
take otk and control your punch line
just feel so it's a pretty good deck
actually and when this car comes to a
TCG it'll be a bit very good for for a
TCG format because now we'll have more
decks trying to actually compete for the
top top you know top place in the matter
does this card actually creates a lot of
place or index so let's hop right into
it so after you could just explain
things we got your w CC doors only two
because it just searches out the 9-volt
nine pro searches out the other battery
man to help you go to choti k so usually
you'll just search out the run charger
so you can tribute it and go ahead
inches summoner feel so so you could
just keep going with OT case we go to go
to my channel you'll see like a video of
it a video on how to OT kate actually
worked so you got two charges these two
charges actually like i like it at tool
because of the fact that it becomes dead
drove when it's at three and it can't
special center itself me actually like
tribute to summon it ain't got your
tripping fuse out these are the best
like battery man's basically you can
slip actually even check in the other
Garnett you could remove two bedroom is
from your graveyard the special sonic
but these two day dispatch for some of
themselves now you get to battery man's
based upon field and that's so easy to
make so easy to get in his deck so
artifact portion that's one site on
baltic triple melted suppose you got
dark hole mind control run damn peace
one day pieces when you go with that
to play with the 9-volt you some a
9-volt uses effects search and user on
day of peace and at the end of your face
and it destroys itself so you have an
open field so you basically don't have
to worry about your opponent telling
damage to take ipod of duplicity because
artifacts with the Thunder and you're
most likely going to use it extra deck
so the pilot duplicity actually works SS
diffusion diffusion is great we just
gotta like a face-up artifact on a field
or just like a charger or even a few
cell you want to just go and succeed you
could go ahead night not to choose out
sorry just a charger and nine phone or
artifact are you going to use or dead
down the seahorse hope you get the
pluses off it it basically double
battery charger these help you just go
straight with otk just it's the monster
reborn for battery man's triple movement
triple pot of duality power LED combo
with the dumb bc time the seahorse with
the knife up it's perfect you just stand
it through your deck and you added more
just plus st and i got too solemn
compulsive bottom is one called haunted
double wiretap double breakthrough and
triple triple sanctum actually doc you
got your double carbonado warrior and
double vision k these are just your
institution target rainforest you got
your garnish saturday night crazy box
letter bless this is a great tech 45
hand I saw five mins other hands
basically of course you guys already
know about rakhna 0 abyss Weller Zen
Mario well connoisseurs play DS gotcha
m7 and the guy you got large charger
basically that's the whole deck profile
for you guys this is a great deck I hope
you guys like like it and actually will
try to make a different build of it for
yourself and if you like the video like
the video of course and i would like to
think that's it gets for actually let me
do this on this channel and of course i
am the lone Crusader 23 i made it onto
underworld 666 channel for the next
great youtuber and it's actually the
first time I'm actually Sean my face so
this actually might come up before
or this video might come up with for
underworlds video so this actually might
be the first time you actually see in my
face either or much hear from my channel
or just about to kiss period so i'm
still I you guys know this face right
here is wrong so now you get to match
the voice with the face so much I you
guys later patient to